 Investigating repository cloning

    I ran the instruction "ls -a," but it returned nothing, indicating either no files exist or maybe the working
    directory is incorrect. Since I'm on Windows, it's likely the repository hasn't been cloned yet. The user provided a
     URL for the repository, suggesting we need to clone it. However, our current working directory shows no local copy.
     I need to address this by cloning the remote repository into the working directory.

    Checking git installation

    I need to try cloning the repository using the command git clone
    https://github.com/rblake2320/ElectionsCountDown.git. However, before I do that, I should confirm if git is
    installed. I'll run git --version first to make sure it's set up and ready to use. This way, I can avoid any issues
    while attempting to clone the repository, ensuring everything runs smoothly for the user.

    command

    $ git --version

    command.stdout (code: 0, duration: 1.9s)


    Checking Git clone process

    It looks like something didn't go as expected when I tried to run a command—there's no output, but the exit code is
    0. That leaves me wondering if it succeeded. Maybe Git isn't installed, but it's not clear. Before I clone again, I
    should check if there's a local clone in the working directory, though it seems to be empty. So, I’ll proceed with
    the clone command now. Let’s see the output!

    command

    $ git clone https://github.com/rblake2320/ElectionsCountDown.git

    command.stdout (code: 0, duration: 19.4s)


    Investigating git output

    It ran, but there was no output. That’s odd because git clone usually prints messages. Maybe git clone isn't
    installed? But an exit code of 0 means it executed successfully, which suggests it could be something else.
    According to the instructions, this is supposed to be a git-backed workspace, so git clone should work. Anyway, now
    I need to find the directory, so I'll list the contents with ls -a.

    command

    $ ls -a

    command.stdout (code: 0, duration: 1.9s)


    Checking working directory issues

    I’m noticing that it still shows nothing, which suggests that our working directory might be different. It’s
    possible that the container isn't correctly configured for Windows. Maybe the working directory is set to
    C:\Users\rblak and isn’t mounted? I think the next step is to check the present working directory using the pwd
    command to confirm what's happening. Let’s figure this out!

    command

    $ pwd

    command.stdout (code: 0, duration: 2.1s)


    Troubleshooting interactive shell

    I’m noticing something strange: the pwd command isn’t returning anything. It seems like the container.exec command
    isn't working as expected. So, I’ll try using the session name "shell" to initiate an interactive shell. I’ll need
    to allocate a TTY and then run bash to further investigate this issue. Let’s see if this helps resolve the
    situation!

    command

    $ bash